https://imagizer.imageshack.com/img924/2583/kX4w7j.jpg

What is a server?
       -Server is a computer, that has it's own, hard disk, CPU, RAM. What
        separates server from your computer is that server gives service to
        other computers, whether it is to store files, to use email or to connect
        to web  sites. A server can be of one kind providing one service or it
        can provide all the services mentioned above. Also the server can be a
        piece of hardware or software.
What is the role of the domain name
       -Domain name is a text based name of a webpage and used it is used
        by DNS to match it to its respective IP address
What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com
       -The domain name here is foobar.com that comes after
        the dot and the first part, www, is a subdomain. www is used as a CNAME
        record whose value is foobar.com, which is then used by DNS to find it's
        IP address.
What is the role of the web server
       -To store, process, and deliver requested information or webpages to end users. 
What is the role of the application server
       -To act as host (or container) for the user's business logic while facilitating 
        access to and performance of the business application.
What is the role of the database
       -To store information in an organized manner so
        that it can be easily accessed, updated and utilized.
What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website
       -The server uses IP address to communicate with the client using
        protocols like TCP\IP, HTTP.
        
Issues with the infrastructure:
        -SPOF:
        This can be with the client software or hardware, the network
        connection or with a single server. It is a single server, malfunction in its
        hardware or software or even issues in the data center can fail the entire system.
        -Downtime when maintenance needed (like deploying new code web server needs to be restarted):
        Downtime when it is updating requires for the whole system to be
        shutdown, at this time users will not be able to access the services
        because there is no other server that can take its place.
        -Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic:
        It is using a single server that can be overloaded with incoming
        bulky traffic. This can cause server crashing. There is no scalability
        because we don't have another server.
